[website]: add info on `cache.preimages` to docs (#26436)
ethereum/go-ethereum: docs/faq.md

## How do I update Geth? {#how-to-update-geth}

Updating Geth to the latest version simply requires stopping the node, downloading the latest release and restarting the node. Precisely how to download the latest software depends on the installation method - please refer to our [Installation pages](/docs/getting-started/installing-geth).

## What is a preimage?

> Geth stores the Ethereum state in a [Patricia Merkle Trie](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/#state-trie). It contains `(key,value)` pairs with accoutn addresses as keys and and RLP encoded `account` as the value, where an account is an array containing essential accounf information, specifically: `nonce`, `balance`, `StorageRoot` and `codeHash`. Definitions for these parameters are available in the Ethereum whitepaper. However, Geth's state trie does not use the keys directly, instead account information is indexed using the SHA3 hash of the key. This means that looking up the account information for an address can be done by traversing the trie for `sha3(address)`, but querying addresses that contain certain data is not possible - the addresses themselves are not part of the trie. This problem is solved using preimages - these are mappings of addresses to their hashes. Geth generates these preimages during block-by-block sync as information is added to the trie.

Author: ```suggestion
Geth stores the Ethereum state in a [Patricia Merkle Trie](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/#state-trie). It contains `(key,value)` pairs with account addresses as keys and and [RLP](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/rlp/#top) encoded `account` as the value, where an account is an array containing essential account information, specifically: `nonce`, `balance`, `StorageRoot` and `codeHash`. Definitions for these parameters are available in the Ethereum whitepaper. However, Geth's state trie does not use the keys directly, instead account information is indexed using the SHA3 hash of the key. This means that looking up the account information for an address can be done by traversing the trie for `sha3(address)`, but querying addresses that contain certain data is not possible - the addresses themselves are not part of the trie. This problem is solved using preimages - these are mappings of addresses to their hashes. Geth generates these preimages during block-by-block sync as information is added to the trie.
```

> Geth stores the Ethereum state in a [Patricia Merkle Trie](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/#state-trie). It contains `(key,value)` pairs with account addresses as keys and and [RLP](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/rlp/#top) encoded `account` as the value, where an account is an array containing essential account information, specifically: `nonce`, `balance`, `StorageRoot` and `codeHash`. Definitions for these parameters are available in the Ethereum whitepaper. However, Geth's state trie does not use the keys directly, instead account information is indexed using the SHA3 hash of the key. This means that looking up the account information for an address can be done by traversing the trie for `sha3(address)`, but querying addresses that contain certain data is not possible - the addresses themselves are not part of the trie. This problem is solved using preimages - these are mappings of addresses to their hashes. Geth generates these preimages during block-by-block sync as information is added to the trie.

Reviewer: I would add a small note that the preimages are periodically deleted and you need to use `--cache.preimages=true` to retain them. Just that it is in the faq already

Author: ```suggestion
Geth stores the Ethereum state in a [Patricia Merkle Trie](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/#state-trie). It contains `(key,value)` pairs with account addresses as keys and and [RLP](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/rlp/#top) encoded `account` as the value, where an account is an array containing essential account information, specifically: `nonce`, `balance`, `StorageRoot` and `codeHash`. Definitions for these parameters are available in the Ethereum whitepaper. However, Geth's state trie does not use the keys directly, instead account information is indexed using the SHA3 hash of the key. This means that looking up the account information for an address can be done by traversing the trie for `sha3(address)`, but querying addresses that contain certain data is not possible - the addresses themselves are not part of the trie. This problem is solved using preimages - these are mappings of addresses to their hashes. Geth generates these preimages during block-by-block sync as information is added to the trie but they are deleted once they reach a certain age (128 blocks by default). To retain the preimages, Geth should be started with `--cache.preimages=true`.
```
